README.md, before:

# test-flow
A test of maintaining a project in git with multiple contributers.

This readme is becoming a place for notes on how the flow works.
We are modeling the flow off of [this article][git-flow]. With some changes.

## Setup
### Admin
1. Create the repo on Github. 
2. Clone the repo on a networked machine behind the firewall. This repo is called "origin" because it should be the origin repo for all users
   * `$ git clone https://github.com/jeremy-at-linear/test-flow.git`
3. Make a "develop" branch
   * `$ git branch develop`

### User
1. Clone the origin repo
   * `$ git clone [MACH_NAME]/test-flow`
2. Checkout the "develop" branch (users should **never** commit to origin/master)
   * `$ git checkout -b develop origin/develop`

## Workflow
### User
1. Make a topic (feature) branch to work on
  * `$ git checkout -b feature`
2. Work on feature and **[commit often][commiting]**.
3. When feature is finished and commited merge into develop
   * `$ git checkout develop`
   * `$ git merge feature`
4. Delete feature branch (if all work is done)
   * `$ git branch -d feature`
5. Do testing to make sure it works
6. Push develop up to origin/develop
   * `$ git push origin`
7. Repeat

### Admin
1. When enough good features are ready in develop make a release branch (in the origin repo)
2. Test the release branch and make bugfixes as necessary
3. Merge the bugfixes into origin/develop
4. Merge the release branch into origin/master
5. Make a tag from origin/master
6. Push origin/master up to Github/master
7. Delete the release branch
8. Repeat

[git-flow]: http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/
[commiting]: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Recording-Changes-to-the-Repository

Commit message:

fix commands and give example name for origin machine

README.md, after:

# test-flow
A test of maintaining a project in git with multiple contributers.

This readme is becoming a place for notes on how the flow works.
We are modeling the flow off of [this article][git-flow], with some changes.
The examples below assume the project is "test-flow" and the machine that hosts the origin is called "CENTRAL"

## Setup
### Admin
1. Create the repo on Github. 
2. Clone the repo on a networked machine behind the firewall. This repo is called "origin" because it should be the origin repo for all users
   * `$ git clone https://github.com/jeremy-at-linear/test-flow.git`
3. Make a "develop" branch
   * `$ git branch develop`

### User
1. Clone the origin repo
   * `$ git clone "CENTRAL"/test-flow`
   * `cd test-flow`
2. Checkout the "develop" branch (users should **never** commit to origin/master)
   * `$ git checkout -b develop origin/develop`

## Workflow
### User
1. Make a topic (feature) branch to work on
  * `$ git checkout -b feature`
2. Work on feature and **[commit often][commiting]**.
3. When feature is finished and commited merge into develop
   * `$ git checkout develop`
   * `$ git merge feature`
4. Delete feature branch (if all work is done)
   * `$ git branch -d feature`
5. Do testing to make sure it works
6. Push develop up to origin/develop
   * `$ git push origin`
7. Repeat

### Admin
1. When enough good features are ready in develop make a release branch (in the origin repo)
2. Test the release branch and make bugfixes as necessary
3. Merge the bugfixes into origin/develop
4. Merge the release branch into origin/master
5. Make a tag from origin/master
6. Push origin/master up to Github/master
7. Delete the release branch
8. Repeat

[git-flow]: http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/
[commiting]: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Recording-Changes-to-the-Repository
